{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 MicrosoftSansSerif;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red36\green38\blue34;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid103\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li2160\lin2160 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh9600\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 Project Description\
Airlocker is a lightweight yet effective backup software. Right-click your folder, select "Send To -> Airlocker", and that's all! Next time you do it, only new & changed files will be copied.\
\

\f1\fs24 \cf0 
\f0\fs26 \cf2 \
\
Installation\
Sorry that I didn't have the time to prepare a setup program. Here are the manual installation instructions:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa60
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 		Extract Airlocker.exe, AirlockConfigurer.exe and AirlockConfig.dll to a folder (I assume c:\\program files\\airlock\\)\
		Run AirlockConfigurer.exe and select your target backup folder. This may be a folder on your harddisk, or the root of a removable storage device\
		Vista users; create a shortcut in C:\\Users\\<username>\\AppData\\Roaming\\Microsoft\\Windows\\SendTo(2000 / XP users might find the SENDTO folder elsewhere). The shortcut will look like this:\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa60
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 		E:\\Development\\Airlock\\Airlocker\\bin\\Debug\\Airlocker.exe -c &1 (to \ul copy\ulnone  files)\
		E:\\Development\\Airlock\\Airlocker\\bin\\Debug\\Airlocker.exe -m &1 (to \ul move\ulnone  files)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa60
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 		That's it! Now you can right-click a folder and select the new item to backup your files.\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \
FAQ\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa60
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 		How does Airlocker backup my files?\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa60
\ls2\ilvl1\cf2 		Let's assume your computer name is "HomePC1". When you right-clicked C:\\Users\\Kerem\\Documents and back it up, here is the sequence that Airlocker will follow:\
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160\sa60
\ls2\ilvl2\cf2 		A folder called "HomePC1" will be created on the target device\
		A folder called "HomePC1\\C" will be created on the target device\
		A folder called "HomePC1\\C\\Users" will be created on the target device\
		A folder called "HomePC1\\C\\Users\\Kerem" will be created on the target device\
		A folder called "HomePC1\\C\\Users\\Kerem\\Documents" will be created on the target device\
		All of the new & changed files in C:\\Users\\Kerem\\Documents will be copied to (let's say) "H:\\HomePC1\\C\\Users\\Kerem\\Documents"\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa60
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 		So, only new & changed files are copied. Why?\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa60
\ls2\ilvl1\cf2 		If you have an archive of 10 GB's, you wouldn't want to wait for all of the files to be copied. Airlocker copies only new & changed files, saving lots of time. That way, you are ensured that your whole archive is safe on the remote device.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa60
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 		Can I use this program on multiple PC's?\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa60
\ls2\ilvl1\cf2 		Absolutely! Backups of multiple PC's will be stored in different folders on the remote device. For instance...\
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160\sa60
\ls2\ilvl2\cf2 		...your documents in "HomePC1" will be stored in "H:\\HomePC1\\C\\Users\\Kerem\\Documents"\
		...your documents in "MyLaptop" will be stored in "H:\\MyLaptop\\C\\Users\\Kerem\\Documents"\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa60
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 		How is this different from Windows' file copy?\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa60
\ls2\ilvl1\cf2 		Making backups through the standard copy operation is very slow because you are practically copying all files to the remote folder. Airlocker copies new / changed files only.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa60
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 		How is this different from Vista's Briefcase?\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa60
\ls2\ilvl1\cf2 		Actually it's not too different; except the following points:\
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160\sa60
\ls2\ilvl2\cf2 		Briefcase doesn't copy files which require administrative authorization. Airlocker does (I think).\
		Briefcase may give you a hard time when you try to access the files in a non-Vista system. Airlocker merely copies files and touches nothing on th file system; ensuring that files on the target device will be accessible from any OS.\
		Managing backup operations of multiple PC's on a single device is easier and more standardized in Airlocker.\
		Briefcase updates files in \ul both\ulnone  directions. Although small, there is a risk of ruining your file at your PC because the file on your removable media has been modified somehow. Airlocker updates file in one direction (PC -> Media); and never touches the files on your PC.\
}